

    When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information.
    We hope to explain to you through this "Privacy Policy" how we collect, use, store and share this information when using our services, as well as the ways we provide you with access, update, control and protection of this information.
    This "Privacy Policy" is closely related to the services you use, and I hope you will read it carefully, and if necessary, follow the guidelines of this "Privacy Policy" to make the choices you think are appropriate.
    We try to express the relevant technical vocabulary in this "Privacy Policy" in a concise and concise manner, and provide links to further explanations for your understanding.
    Your use or continued use of our services means that you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
    If you have any questions about this "Privacy Policy" or related matters, please contact us at wonyue2019@gmail.com.


    Permission usage instructions:
    1. Storage permissions.
    Taking photos: The purpose of obtaining storage permission is to save the taken photos to the phone storage and system album.
    Video: The purpose of obtaining storage permission is to save the captured video to the phone storage and system album.
    Gallery: Get storage permissions for more convenient preview and playback of photos and videos saved using WIFI Visable to take pictures and videos.

    Information we may share：
    Except for the following circumstances, we will not share your personal information with any third party without your consent:
    We may share your personal information with third-party service providers, contractors, and agents (such as communication service providers that send emails or push notifications on our behalf, and map service providers that provide us with location data) (they may not be Located in your jurisdiction) for the following purposes:
    Provide you with our services;
    To achieve the purposes described in the "How We May Use Information" section;
    Fulfill our obligations in this "Privacy Policy" and exercise our rights;
    Understand, maintain and improve our services.
    If we share your personal information with any of the aforementioned third parties, we will work hard to ensure that these third parties comply with this "Privacy Policy" and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we require them to comply with when using your personal information.
    With the continuous development of our business, we may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will notify you before the transfer

    We may also retain, store or disclose your personal information for the following needs:
    Comply with applicable laws and regulations;
    Comply with court orders or other legal procedures;
    Comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies;
    Purposes reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, safeguard the public interest, or protect the personal and property safety or legal rights of our customers, us, and other users

    information security：
    We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose described in this "Privacy Policy" and within the time limit required by laws and regulations. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent loss, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure of information. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious methods that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control.

    Minors use our services：
    We encourage parents or guardians to guide minors from 13 to 18 years old to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this "Privacy Policy".

    Right restriction：
        You have agreed to use the related services in this product by sharing or other means. During the use, you will bear all the legal responsibilities arising from the risks caused by the following actions:
        1. Undermine the basic principles established by the Constitution;
        2. Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, or undermining national unity;
        3. Damage to national honor and interests;
        4. Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining ethnic unity;
        5. Destroying the state's religious policies and promoting cults and feudal superstition;
        6. Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or abet crime;
        7. Insulting or slandering others, infringing on the legal rights of others;
        8. Contains other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.

        You have agreed not to engage in the following behaviors with this product:
        1. Publish or share computer viruses, worms, malicious code, software that deliberately destroys or changes computer systems or data;
        2. Collect other users' information or data, such as email addresses, without authorization;
        3. Malicious use of this product in an automated way causes excessive burden on the server or interferes with or damages the website server and network links in other ways;
        4. Try to access the server data or communication data of this product without authorization;
        5. Interfere with or destroy the use of other users of this product.


    modify：
    This agreement allows for changes. If there are any substantial changes to this agreement, we will update and announce it in a timely manner. After the notification of the change, if you continue to use this product, you are aware of such changes and agree to the terms and conditions;
    We reserve the right to modify, reserve or close any service of this product at any time without notice;
    You have agreed that we do not have the right to modify, reserve or close any service of this product;
    You have agreed that we do not need to be liable to you or a third party for modifying, retaining or closing any service of this product.

    termination：
    This agreement will be effective from the date you accept it, and will continue to be effective during your use of this product until terminated in accordance with this agreement;
    Notwithstanding the above provisions, if your use of this product is earlier than the time you accept this agreement, you hereby know and agree to this agreement at the time you accept this agreement, you hereby know and agree to this agreement at the first time you Effective when using this product, unless terminated early in accordance with this agreement;
    We may reserve your right to use this product or this account in accordance with the provisions of the law; whether notified or not, we will terminate this agreement at any time for any reason, including believing in good faith that you have violated our acceptable use policy or Other provisions of this agreement;
    Not limited by the provisions of the preceding paragraph, if the user infringes the copyright of a third party and we receive a notice from the copyright owner or the legal agent of the copyright owner, we reserve the right to terminate this agreement;
    Once this agreement is terminated, your right to use this product will terminate. You should be aware that the termination of your product means that your user content will be deleted from our active database. We will not be liable to you for terminating this agreement, including terminating your user account and deleting your user content.

    Applicable law：
    This agreement applies to the laws of the People's Republic of China;
    If there is a dispute between the two parties, they should be resolved through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, they should file a lawsuit in the local court.

    Completeness：
    This agreement (including the privacy policy) is the final, complete, and exclusive agreement between you and this product on matters related to this product, and replaces and merges the previous parties’ matters concerning such matters (including previous end user licenses, terms of service) And privacy policy) discussions and agreements;
    The topics of each part are for reading convenience only without any legal or contractual obligations;
    Unless we agree in writing, you may not assign the rights and obligations stipulated in this agreement. Any attempt to transfer in violation of the above regulations is invalid.

